all righty so we have this broken piece
right here we put the new piece in you
can't just take this part off
unfortunately you have to take the whole
door panel off so the door panel it on
it unhooks this way there's these little
snap click things up here you have to
pry those all under done undone you have
to take this this will just pry right
out you can disconnect that there's
these 30 Torx here you have to take
those undone obviously take this undone
this comes up and you can disconnect
that easy there's Clips here like this
there's two screws under there those
come undone and the whole door or what
it does is once you clip this in you
take that all those clips underneath out
just by prying what you do is this whole
door will just come straight up like
this
it'll just the hook the whole door will
just kind of come straight up like that
and you just pull it off this is how
this goes it just pops right out and
there's clips at the end see that little
guy right there
sort of
this thing you can see and then it's
looks into there and what you have to do
is it hooks in this way and but notice
that these little guys so it's going to
be weird when you're taking it apart you
got it you gotta take this part first
and then unhook it that way
right there alright so here we took the
door panel off now we're just going to
leave already reduce remove that screw
in there we're just going to take this
off like that just scooch back this
thing right here hold on sunshine this
thing right here this is pretty
straightforward you just pull it out
like that and then it comes out this way
now you put it back in we already put
this as the new handle so we're showing
you how to do it just push it back in
like that both of them work the same you
put it in here now we start the
rebuilding process okay so what you did
what we did is we connected the speaker
wire you can see that little one over to
the side there and then what we're going
to do is this lip right here fits on
that thing first alright so when you
take things apart you have to take the
bottom part and then you'll see some of
the other guys and they do this
there you go you'll see it'll just clunk
right into place
all righty here's our test with the door
in pieces so we lock it
try the door handle no unlock try the
door handle good job let's make sure it
works from the outside
lock it door handle unlock the door
handle all is good
now we know